Delayed::Job
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
priority                 	Integer             
attempts                 	Integer             
handler                  	Yaml                
last_error               	Text                
run_at                   	DateTime            
locked_at                	DateTime            
failed_at                	DateTime            
locked_by                	String              
created_at               	DateTime            
updated_at               	DateTime            


Project
----------------------------------------
id                       	UUID                
name                     	String              
description              	Text                
is_private               	Boolean             
publish_to_his           	Boolean             
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Site
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
code                     	String              
name                     	String              
latitude                 	Float               
longitude                	Float               
lat_long_datum_id        	Integer             
elevation_m              	Float               
vertical_datum_id        	Integer             
local_x                  	Float               
local_y                  	Float               
local_projection_id      	Integer             
pos_accuracy_m           	Float               
state                    	String              
county                   	String              
comments                 	Text                
description              	Text                
time_zone_offset         	String              
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SiteDataCatalog
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             
record_number            	Integer             
starting_timestamp       	DateTime            
ending_timestamp         	DateTime            


Voeis::DataStream
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
description              	Text                
filename                 	String              
start_line               	Integer             
type                     	String              
utc_offset               	Integer             
DST                      	Boolean             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::DataStreamColumn
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
type                     	String              
unit                     	String              
original_var             	String              
column_number            	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::MetaTag
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
value                    	Text                
name                     	String              
category                 	String              
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SensorType
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
min                      	Float               
max                      	Float               
difference               	Float               
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SensorValue
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
value                    	Float               
string_value             	String              
units                    	String              
timestamp                	DateTime            
vertical_offset          	Float               
published                	Boolean             
sensor_id                	Integer             
quality_control_level    	Integer             
moved                    	Boolean             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Source
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
organization             	String              
source_description       	Text                
source_link              	String              
contact_name             	String              
phone                    	String              
email                    	String              
address                  	String              
city                     	String              
state                    	String              
zip_code                 	String              
citation                 	String              
metadata_id              	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Unit
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
units_name               	String              
units_type               	String              
units_abbreviation       	String              
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Variable
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
variable_code            	String              
variable_name            	String              
speciation               	String              
variable_units_id        	Integer             
sample_medium            	String              
value_type               	String              
quality_control          	Integer             
is_regular               	Boolean             
time_support             	Float               
time_units_id            	Integer             
data_type                	String              
general_category         	String              
no_data_value            	String              
detection_limit          	Float               
lab_method_id            	Integer             
lab_id                   	Integer             
field_method_id          	Integer             
spatial_units_id         	Integer             
spatial_offset_type      	String              
spatial_offset_value     	Float               
logger_type              	String              
logger_id                	String              
sensor_type              	String              
sensor_id                	String              
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::LabMethod
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
lab_method_name          	Text                
lab_method_description   	Text                
lab_method_link          	Text                
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Sample
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
sample_type              	String              
local_date_time          	DateTime            
material                 	String              
lab_sample_code          	String              
lab_method_id            	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SampleMaterial
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
material                 	String              
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::DataValue
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
data_value               	Float               
value_accuracy           	Float               
local_date_time          	DateTime            
utc_offset               	Float               
date_time_utc            	DateTime            
observes_daylight_savings	Boolean             
replicate                	String              
vertical_offset          	Float               
end_vertical_offset      	Float               
string_value             	String              
quality_control_level    	Integer             
datatype                 	String              
published                	Boolean             
site_id                  	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Apiv
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::DataSet
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Setting
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
value                    	Object              


User
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
login                    	String              
email                    	String              
first_name               	String              
last_name                	String              
crypted_password         	BCryptHash          
single_access_token      	String              
login_count              	Integer             
failed_login_count       	Integer             
last_request_at          	DateTime            
last_login_at            	DateTime            
current_login_at         	DateTime            
api_key                  	String              
last_login_ip            	String              
current_login_ip         	String              
created_at               	DateTime            
created_on               	Date                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_on               	Date                
system_role_id           	Integer             


Role
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
description              	Text                
actions                  	Yaml                
position                 	Integer             


Membership
----------------------------------------
project_id               	UUID                
role_id                  	Integer             
user_id                  	Integer             


Voeis::Site::Version
----------------------------------------
id                       	Integer             
code                     	String              
name                     	String              
latitude                 	Float               
longitude                	Float               
lat_long_datum_id        	Integer             
elevation_m              	Float               
vertical_datum_id        	Integer             
local_x                  	Float               
local_y                  	Float               
local_projection_id      	Integer             
pos_accuracy_m           	Float               
state                    	String              
county                   	String              
comments                 	Text                
description              	Text                
time_zone_offset         	String              
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Feedback
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
user                     	String              
url                      	String              
issue                    	Text                


His::Category
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
data_value               	Float               
category_description     	String              


His::CensorCodeCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::DataTypeCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::DataValue
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
data_value               	Float               
value_accuracy           	Float               
local_date_time          	DateTime            
utc_offset               	Float               
date_time_utc            	DateTime            
site_id                  	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             
offset_value             	Float               
offset_type_id           	Integer             
censor_code              	String              
qualifier_id             	Integer             
method_id                	Integer             
source_id                	Integer             
sample_id                	Integer             
derived_from_id          	Integer             
quality_control_level_id 	Integer             


His::DerivedFrom
----------------------------------------
derived_from_id          	Integer             
value_id                 	Integer             


His::FieldMethod
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
method_description       	String              
method_link              	String              


His::GeneralCategoryCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::Group
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
value_id                 	Integer             
group_id                 	Integer             


His::GroupDescription
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
group_description        	String              


His::ISOMetadata
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
topic_category           	String              
title                    	String              
abstract                 	String              
profile_version          	String              
metadata_link            	String              


His::LabMethod
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
lab_name                 	String              
lab_organization         	String              
lab_method_name          	String              
lab_method_description   	String              
lab_method_link          	String              


His::ODMVersion
----------------------------------------
version_number           	String              


His::OffsetType
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
offset_units_id          	Integer             
offset_description       	String              


His::Qualifier
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
qualifier_code           	String              
qualifier_description    	String              


His::QualityControlLevel
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
quality_control_level_code	String              
definition               	String              
explanation              	String              


His::Sample
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
sample_type              	String              
lab_sample_code          	String              
lab_method_id            	Integer             


His::SampleMediumCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::SampleTypeCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::SeriesCatalog
----------------------------------------
SeriesID                 	Serial              
SiteID                   	Integer             
SiteCode                 	String              
SiteName                 	String              
VariableID               	Integer             
VariableCode             	String              
VariableName             	String              
Speciation               	String              
VariableUnitsID          	Integer             
VariableUnitsName        	String              
SampleMedium             	String              
ValueType                	String              
TimeSupport              	Float               
TimeUnitsID              	Integer             
TimeUnitsName            	String              
DataType                 	String              
GeneralCategory          	String              
MethodID                 	Integer             
MethodDescription        	String              
SourceID                 	Integer             
Organization             	String              
SourceDescription        	String              
Citation                 	String              
QualityControlLevelID    	Integer             
QualityControlLevelCode  	String              
BeginDateTime            	DateTime            
EndDateTime              	DateTime            
BeginDateTimeUTC         	DateTime            
EndDateTimeUTC           	DateTime            
ValueCount               	Integer             


His::Site
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
site_code                	String              
site_name                	String              
latitude                 	Float               
longitude                	Float               
lat_long_datum_id        	Integer             
elevation_m              	Float               
vertical_datum           	String              
local_x                  	Float               
local_y                  	Float               
local_projection_id      	Integer             
pos_accuracy_m           	Float               
state                    	String              
county                   	String              
comments                 	String              


His::Source
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
organization             	String              
source_description       	String              
source_link              	String              
contact_name             	String              
phone                    	String              
email                    	String              
address                  	String              
city                     	String              
state                    	String              
zip_code                 	String              
citation                 	String              
metadata_id              	Integer             


His::SpatialReference
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
srs_id                   	Integer             
srs_name                 	String              
is_geographic            	Integer             
notes                    	String              


His::SpeciationCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::SysDiagram
----------------------------------------
name                     	String              
principal_id             	Integer             
diagram_id               	Serial              
version                  	Integer             
definition               	Boolean             


His::TopicCategoryCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::Unit
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
units_name               	String              
units_type               	String              
units_abbreviation       	String              


His::ValueTypeCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::Variable
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
variable_code            	String              
variable_name            	String              
speciation               	String              
variable_units_id        	Integer             
sample_medium            	String              
value_type               	String              
is_regular               	Integer             
time_support             	Float               
time_units_id            	Integer             
data_type                	String              
general_category         	String              
no_data_value            	Float               
varialbe_id              	Integer             


His::VariableNameCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


His::VerticalDatumCV
----------------------------------------
term                     	String              
definition               	String              


SystemRole
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
description              	String              
actions                  	Yaml                
position                 	Integer             


Voeis::Campaign
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
date_begun               	DateTime            
date_ended               	DateTime            
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::DataTypeCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Equipment
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
name                     	String              
description              	Text                
serial_number            	String              
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::FieldMethod
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
method_name              	String              
method_description       	Text                
method_link              	Text                
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::GeneralCategoryCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Lab
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
lab_name                 	Text                
lab_organization         	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::LoggerTypeCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::QualityControlLevel
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
quality_control_level_code	String              
definition               	String              
explanation              	String              
his_id                   	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SampleMediumCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SampleTypeCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SensorTypeCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SpatialOffset
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
type                     	String              
value                    	String              
units_id                 	Integer             
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SpatialOffsetType
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
type                     	String              
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SpatialReference
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
srs_id                   	Integer             
srs_name                 	String              
is_geographic            	Boolean             
notes                    	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::SpeciationCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::ValueTypeCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::VariableNameCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::VerticalDatumCV
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
term                     	String              
definition               	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::Visit
----------------------------------------
id                       	Serial              
date                     	DateTime            
arrive                   	DateTime            
depart                   	DateTime            
description              	Text                
provenance_comment       	Text                
updated_at               	DateTime            
updated_by               	Integer             
updated_comment          	Text                
created_at               	DateTime            
deleted_at               	ParanoidDateTime    


Voeis::DataStreamSite
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
data_stream_id           	Integer             


Voeis::SensorTypeSite
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
sensor_type_id           	Integer             


Voeis::SensorValueSite
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
sensor_value_id          	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueSite
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::SampleSite
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
sample_id                	Integer             


Voeis::SiteVariable
----------------------------------------
site_id                  	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamDataStreamColumn
----------------------------------------
data_stream_id           	Integer             
data_stream_column_id    	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamDataValue
----------------------------------------
data_stream_id           	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamSample
----------------------------------------
data_stream_id           	Integer             
sample_id                	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamSource
----------------------------------------
data_stream_id           	Integer             
source_id                	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamColumnSensorType
----------------------------------------
data_stream_column_id    	Integer             
sensor_type_id           	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamColumnVariable
----------------------------------------
data_stream_column_id    	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamColumnUnit
----------------------------------------
data_stream_column_id    	Integer             
unit_id                  	Integer             


Voeis::DataStreamColumnMetaTag
----------------------------------------
data_stream_column_id    	Integer             
meta_tag_id              	Integer             


Voeis::MetaTagSensorValue
----------------------------------------
meta_tag_id              	Integer             
sensor_value_id          	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueMetaTag
----------------------------------------
meta_tag_id              	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::MetaTagVariable
----------------------------------------
meta_tag_id              	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::SensorTypeSensorValue
----------------------------------------
sensor_type_id           	Integer             
sensor_value_id          	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueSensorType
----------------------------------------
sensor_type_id           	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::SensorTypeVariable
----------------------------------------
sensor_type_id           	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::SensorValueSource
----------------------------------------
sensor_value_id          	Integer             
source_id                	Integer             


Voeis::SampleSource
----------------------------------------
source_id                	Integer             
sample_id                	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueSource
----------------------------------------
source_id                	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::UnitVariable
----------------------------------------
unit_id                  	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::SampleVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
sample_id                	Integer             


Voeis::DataTypeCVVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
data_type_cv_id          	Integer             
data_type_cv_term        	String              


Voeis::GeneralCategoryCVVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
general_category_cv_id   	Integer             


Voeis::SampleTypeCVVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
sample_type_csv_id       	Integer             
sample_type_cv_id        	Integer             


Voeis::SpeciationCVVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
speciation_cv_id         	Integer             
speciation_cv_term       	String              


Voeis::ValueTypeCVVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
value_type_cv_id         	Integer             


Voeis::VariableVariableNameCV
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
variable_name_cv_id      	Integer             


Voeis::SpatialOffsetVariable
----------------------------------------
variable_id              	Integer             
spatial_offset_id        	Integer             


Voeis::LabMethodVariable
----------------------------------------
lab_method_id            	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::DataValueSample
----------------------------------------
sample_id                	Integer             
data_value_id            	Integer             


Voeis::LabMethodSample
----------------------------------------
sample_id                	Integer             
lab_method_id            	Integer             


Voeis::SampleSampleMaterial
----------------------------------------
sample_id                	Integer             
sample_material_id       	Integer             


Voeis::DataSetDataValue
----------------------------------------
data_value_id            	Integer             
data_set_id              	Integer             


CampaignUser
----------------------------------------
campaign_id              	Integer             
user_id                  	Integer             


CampaignProject
----------------------------------------
campaign_id              	Integer             
project_id               	UUID                


Voeis::CampaignVisit
----------------------------------------
campaign_id              	Integer             
visit_id                 	Integer             


Voeis::EquipmentFieldMethod
----------------------------------------
equipment_id             	Integer             
field_method_id          	Integer             


Voeis::EquipmentLabMethod
----------------------------------------
equipment_id             	Integer             
lab_method_id            	Integer             


Voeis::FieldMethodVariable
----------------------------------------
field_method_id          	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::LabVariable
----------------------------------------
lab_id                   	Integer             
variable_id              	Integer             


Voeis::SpatialOffsetSpatialOffsetType
----------------------------------------
spatial_offset_type_id   	Integer             
spatial_offset_id        	Integer             


Voeis::SiteSpatialReference
----------------------------------------
spatial_reference_id     	Integer             
site_id                  	Integer             


Voeis::SiteVerticalDatumCV
----------------------------------------
vertical_datum_cv_id     	Integer             
site_id                  	Integer             


UserVisit
----------------------------------------
visit_id                 	Integer             
user_id                  	Integer             


ProjectVisit
----------------------------------------
visit_id                 	Integer             
project_id               	UUID                


